Questions that we should answer:

What percentage of the data set is incomplete and needs to be omitted during our analysis?
Will omitting this data have a significant impact on our analysis? - My intuition says no
How much of the data should be omitted due to anamolous data?
Some of the CPI data is inaccurate due to a bug in the collection infrastructure which should be omitted.

What is the ratio between raw memory accesses, performance, and communication bandwidth usage?

What is are these ratios between long jobs versus small jobs?

Is there a correlation between any of these ratios and the job priorty? Job length?

Is the system imbalanced? Too much compute? Not enough memory?

How does the system balance compare to Amdahl's rule of thumb?

What is the commodity backend server core that is being used?

It might not be necessary to have complete numbers if we're just computing ratios. What are some of the places in our calculations where we can just insert stubs?


Hard numbers we should compute:

The total amount of compute time over the total amount of memory I/O instructions over:
- all tasks executed in the trace
- distribution over all tasks in the trace
- median and average over all tasks in the trace
- sliding window by hour over all tasks in the trace

The amount of compute per disk I/O time:

Using the memory accesses per instruction and CPI to determine the rough division between memory I/O instructions and compute/network I/O. Note that some of the CPI numbers are absurd and need to be suppressed.

Number of instructions per job and number of memory accesses per job using CPI, estimated CPU usages, and total runtime.
- distribution over task time
- distribution over instruction length
- correlation between memory accesses per instruction and CPI

Note there is a clock drift issue in the time stamps used but the jobs run long enough that we can probably ignore them.

The machine attribute table provides the CPU speed attribute tag which can be used to estimate order of magnitude power usage.

The processor used in the Google server is apparently a Power-PC8.

Also correlate the task or job priority with the resource usage curves.

How do the resource request ratios compare to the actual resource usage ratios?
